hey what's up YouTube right so these the
steps of what to do when your export
life counts being happy I know my live
account just got hacked yesterday so
basically what you need to do first is
to just to basically need to go into my
xbox on the Xbox Dashboard yeah
didn't my Xbox Dashboard oh my yep so
then you go to sign in and find your and
then go right to the bottom right down
to the phone and then all you need to do
is go to because of my games so you put
your email in your password for nothing
after that if that doesn't work or then
you should be a then miss opponent
Microsoft the Microsoft number is in the
link in the description yep that's been
and so yeah you know it is what I so
then you know it's a lot of help
Microsoft they help you a lot
so basically yeah what so what I'm gonna
do is recommend you what to do instead
of throwing myself this is good quicker
yeah so right all you need to do is go
on your if you have a laptop or a
computer spawn your laptop or your
computer then all you need to do is go
on Xbox account but live
yeah I'll be in the description the
website the link to go to it then you
need to go on the top right corner to to
sign it then I'll come up with Windows
Live ID things so then you need to put
in your email address window your
hotmail address your home address and
your password so then if you still can't
sign in you need to go to the set
password so then once you then reset
your password then it will ask for your
your security question Lamy it's your
name your first pad
so yeah yes so once you reset it
basically all you need to do is go back
onto your xbox once you've done your
password and confirm depth you've got a
new password you need to go back to your
xbox and then all you need to go is go
is go back to recover my game it's on
and then just put your email and your
new password in then you should have
your Xbox dashboard Zac your Xbox
account back
then that's all you really need to know
if there is any other questions if
someone has tampered with Microsoft
Points on your account but please just
phone the number in the description and
they will Microsoft will actually give
you a refund for your money yeah it's
impossible for them to actually tamper
with your credit card
they can't get your credit card details
because it's a security block that's
what drivers are told me the best thing
to do really is to phone on Microsoft so
yes I hope this video helped you get
your account back yeah so please rate
subscribe like I know there wasn't any
like you know you know like like an
actual tutorial and we play for students
doing the actual video but I just
thought I would do a tutorial through
speaking yes so um yeah I'm really
looking forward to posting more videos
yep
so thanks for watching and please
subscribe rate and tell me oh by the way
if there is any messages about this
website in the description called you TV
for kk5 your org do not sign up for it
that's how I got hacked I put in my
email address my password
oh my game is had it in me
in the event says sign up yeah so don't
sign up with that if you get a message
from all your friends cuz it's a scam
they have to recount and they turn and
they take away Microsoft and a mine so
basically I advise you not to go on my
website but I put in the description so
goodbye for now
peace out oops wrong and play